All right, so before we continue getting deeper and deeper into Android security testing, because
that is what we are intending to do, we need to set up the laboratory.
All right.
So let's let's be ready for the course and for the hands on examples and the practice that we're going
to get into.
So let's have a look at all of the software that we will install with its categories.
So throughout the course, we're going to install some of the software onto the host machine, so when
I host operating system is Mac OS, of course you can always use Microsoft Windows or any Linux distribution
like Ubuntu, Fedora, etc..
And there really no disadvantages in terms of the, you know, following and learning the exercises
in this course.
There's really no significant difference when these software will run on the different operating systems,
right?
So there's there's not a problem.
Each has their own emulator.
But besides a host operating system, we do need to install Calli on a virtualization platform.
So Callie, briefly is a Linux distribution that is prepared for ethical hackers.
So we're going to use Callie as the attacker system.
Callie includes a lot of useful and free to use hacking tools.
And we're going to use some of these tools.
Besides all that, we're going to install some tools on the Caleigh that will be, well, extra, if
you will, but needed for mobile security testing.
Of course, you can use any virtualization platform that you prefer, such as virtual box, VMware,
player parallels, etc., There's, again, no significant difference between the platforms in terms
of the exercises of this course.
Virtual bikes, I will add, is a free open source platform, and it has a large number of features.
VM, where's free version is great, it's VMware workstation player, formerly VMware player, and it
also has some powerful utilities.
Some of the main differences between the two platforms are virtual disk formats, network modes and
user interfaces.
You can always compare the features of Virtual Box and VMware in particular detail and select whatever
suits you, what you feel like working in.
What I'm going to do is use virtual box.
Now, like I said before, emulators are very important to simulate and test Android mobile phones without
needing to have the physical device right in front of you.
Emulators will provide almost all of the capabilities of real Android device, so on this course, we're
going to install Android studio and something called Jenny Motion to use as the emulator.
Now, there are some competing pronunciations out there, again, emotion, whatever I just say, gently
motion and you can say it the way that you want.
Now, Android studio emulators support X 86, R.M. and Arem 64 processors.
Jenny Motion, however, only supports 86 processors, but it's easy to use and just be aware that some
HBK may require us to use Jenny motion due to its structure.
So we're just going to be using both of them.
Jenny Motion has an addition for free personal use, but after 30 days, its features will be limited.
But don't worry because available features will be enough for our tests, even if it takes you longer
than 30 days.
One of the mobile security frameworks that we will use in the course is Mob SRF.
So it's a mobile pen testing framework capable of performing static and dynamic analysis.
We're going to need some tools to perform the reverse engineering and static analysis of Android applications,
and these tools are so Adibi Android Debug Bridge.
This is a versatile command line tool used to communicate with an emulator instance or connected Android
device.
Now, by default, Janni Motion Desktop uses its own Android tools which contain EDB.
But if you want to, you can always install and use Gennie motion as an emulator, then you don't need
to install any ETB separately.
A tool is also for reverse engineering, third party closed binary Android apps so it can decode resources
to the nearly original form and rebuild them after making some modifications.
Bytecode viewer is an Android app reverse engineering suite that includes a D compiler, ed and debugger.
Visual Studio Code.
Is a code editor, redefined and optimized for building and debugging modern applications, we'll use
voice code for the APK lab extension.
So APIC lab is Android reverse engineering workbench.
A studio which is an open source cross platform, Kutty based idea for reverse engineering Android application
packages.
So now I want to show you the lab architecture diagram for this cause it'll help you understand the
structure of the virtual machines as well as the software that we're going to install in the laboratory
environment.
So we'll have a look at the big picture, here's the whole picture.
So host, is your computer on the network that you access via the Internet, via Wi-Fi access point
or a wired connection?
It doesn't matter.
And you will install one of the virtualization platforms such as VMware or Virtual Box on your host
machine.
Will install Jenny Motion, Android Studio, APK Studio, and the code on the host machine will install
Calli.
Linux is the attacker system and install the necessary tools for Android security testing.
Although there are some virtual machines that come preinstalled as tools for Android testing, you may
not be able to access all of them for free in the future.
That's why we want to use Calli so that you can use it in the long run.